I just saw the news about your legend of a mom. I’m so deeply sorry you’re going through this and lost such a big part of your heart. Sending you all the love and space.

I’m so very sorry, Jessica.  Please accept my deepest condolences.  I hope your grief soon passes.

wanted to let you know I’m thinking of you. Sending hugs & love.

Hey Jess, just wanted to say sorry for your loss and we are all thinking of you.

I am so sorry for you and your family and your mother’s passing. I know you’ve been thru a lot with her and this must be really tough. Just letting you know I am thinking of you….

Jessica I’m so sorry to hear about your mom’s passing, sending love and support to you and your family.

Oh my god Jessica, I am so so sorry. That is devastating news. No problem at all. If there’s anything I can do, let me know.

I’m so so sorry to hear about your Mom Jess. I have been thinking about you and your family so very hard and intently today and I’m sending you as much positive thoughts and all the love I can.

Oh Jess I am so sorry to hear this has happened. From your post, your mom sounds fierce and funny, one hell of a woman. I’ve been where you are, and it is heart breaking. No need to respond to this. Just want to send you our love and support  and a very big hug as you work your way through this time.

Hi Jessica. I’m so sorry for your loss. A couple of days ago, Charlie informed me what was going on and I’ve been thinking of you. That’s so heavy and I have no words. Your post on Instagram was very beautiful and I’m still thinking of you and I’m sending you loving vibes.

So sorry to hear the news of your mom's passing. Peace and love to you and Charlie and the rest of your family.

I am so sorry Jess. My heart breaks for you, but I love you and I’m here if you need anything.

Love you gal.

Hey Jessica
I wanted to express my condolences for the loss of your mom. I know you guys had a tight relationship and I know you made great efforts to get there before she passed. I hope she is in a better place.
Much love to you
Stuart

so sorry for your loss jess. love & light to you

Hey Jess, I’m so, so sorry.  I know you must be carrying a lot right now, but if you have a few minutes to talk please let me know.  Sammi, Audrey, and I send our love.

Condolences from Alex, Shepard, and I on the passing of your mom. We’re so sorry. Sending love.

Jess, my heart is with you and sending love to you

Jess… sorry about your mom❤️‍🩹..she raised a good human …rest in peace Pat 💙…sending big hug and much love …

Hi friend -
I just read your beautiful post
There are no words sufficient in these times we lose our legends and heroes.

I’m thinking of you and I hope there is some peace and calm in the coming days as you navigate all your memories.

My mom’s on hospice at home and your post was so nice and really hit home for me with watching all the suffering.

She raised a great, thoughtful and kind person who I’m lucky came onto my path in this life.

Sending love ♥️

You do not have to respond to this either!

I’m sending a message because I saw your post about your mom dying yesterday and wanted to send you my love. Your mom sounds like an amazing woman & with what a treasure you are, she no doubt instilled a lot of that magic into you. I know the loss of a mother is an indelible grief especially the first year. If you ever want someone to talk to and just listen, I’m genuinely here for you. I’m a few years further along on the journey & have learned that a lot of the time
you just want someone who gets it. I am sending you all my love today. ❤️

Dear Jess, I’m just so very sorry that you’ve lost your mom.  Losing a parent is so hard and can be so completely disorientating.   I’ve been thinking about you since I learned she passed and hope you’re able to find moments of peace within it all.

Hi. I’m so sorry to hear about your mom. Please let us know if there’s anything you need or anything we can do.

Hi Jessica, been thinking about you. Sending prayers all all the positive thoughts your way I condolences on your loss big love

I’m thinking about you …🫶🏼🫂

Jessica, I’m so sorry to hear about your mom. Just know that I got you and your family in my thoughts. Please let me know if I can do anything.

Sending love and condolences for you and your family during this time of loss.

It was an absolute hell of a privilege knowing her. A true legend. She really lived. More than most, I’d guess.

Thinking of you today especially — it is my first without my mom too. Much love.

Hey my friend. Erika just read on FB about your Mom. I’m so sorry to hear the news. Thinking about you today. Sending you my best.

Jessica, I’m so sorry to hear about your mom’s passing. Is there something we can do to help in any way?

Hey! Im soo sorry I haven’t sent my love yet. Been working nonstop since sat. Im
soo sorry for your loss. Love you soo much and understand the pain and everything that comes with it. Please let me know if theres anything I can do to help out! Im pretty helpful…can be funny to brighten moods, or can cater to whatever you may need. Got nice calves…

All jokes aside….im soo soo sorry for your loss and here for you in whatever capacity that may be!

Hey!  I was so sorry to hear about your mom.  I am praying for your peace.

My deepest condolences Jess! I’m so sorry for the loss of your mom! Sending hugs and love!

No reply necessary. Thinking of you, Jason, Big Z and the rest of the fam. Your mom was unapologetically herself-strong, fearless, and never one to soften the truth. She raised a tough cookie outta you 💕 So many memories to laugh and cry over.  Big hugs to you all xoxo If you need anything Hans and I are here to help 🫶

Hi babe! I love you and thinking about you and sending all my hugs and easy vibes💕

Love and light to you my fiend in the wake of the loss of your mom. No matter how old we get we are still someone’s kid. xoxo

Found your grief post. My condolences for your loss

Jess, I am so truly sorry for your loss!  Your mother lived with such a big and fierce heart. It is a testament to how she lived and loved that I could feel such a deep connection, on a soul
Level, regardless of the years that pass.

We are sending endless and love to you and your family.

Love you friend! So sorry for your loss. Holding you tight.

I’m sorry for your loss Jessie.  Your Mom was the best.

Hey love saw the news about your mother. So sorry. Thinking of you and sending you all of the love. 💕

I just saw your post. I’m so sorry about your mom. I really liked her, she always made me feel so welcome in your family. Love and hugs to you ❤️

I’m sorry Jess, that sounds so heavy.  Hope you’re around people you love.  Thinking about you.

Hey Jess, just thinking about you friend. No doubt a full range of emotion are in play. Holding you in my heart during this time. It is a journey, not an event.

Love you, kitten. Please don’t hesitate to reach out if you need to talk ❤️❤️❤️❤️

Jess… I just saw your IG. I’m so so sorry about your loss. Moms are magic and that’s the worst.  Sending my energy and thoughts to you  ❤️‍🩹

Hey bud. Just letting you know I’m thinking of you.

Hey Jess. Just read your lovely tribute to your mother. So sorry for your loss. She raised one helluva human being and I know she’s proud. Sending all the love…

Deborah told me of your loss.  My condolences.  I know you had challenges in that front but I also am certain there was someone quality there being that you are such an amazing person.  Amelia’s reaction was “Oh no.  Poor Aunt Jess.  She my back up mom.  I love her.  My heart hurts for her.  She is my favorite.”  Then Michael asked her about Candice and Amelia said “Candice my favorite too. Amelia has two favorite best aunts.”

I am so so sorry. Sending you lots and lots of love.

Hey there ❤️❤️ been thinking about you

Sending all my love.

Sending condolences.

Sorry for your loss, Jess. Losing your mom is the hardest.

So sorry to hear this...beautifully written, she sounds like so much fun...like you!

I am sending so much love your way. I know she is so proud of you. It's so evident you were raised by such a badass, that tracks (as the kids say). Love you.

I’m so sorry, she sounds like an awesomely amazing woman

Dammit, Jessica, this is so hard and I’m so sorry. your mom appears to be my kind of woman. Can’t imagine what you must be going through, sending you love and strength.

Jessica, I am so very sorry for your loss. What an incredible, funny, smart, strong, and beautiful woman and Mother your mom was!  What a gift.  Beautiful that she instilled all of those great qualities in you, too! ￼ If there is “another time”, I want her to be my mom because￼ she sounds like a PURE BAD-ASS! My mom, while funny and smart, did not encourage me to do and be half of the stuff that your mom did, and clearly with nowhere near even half the patience and interest in my future as yours did; how lucky you are! ￼ I lost my mom 2 1/2 years ago and my dad 3 1/2 years ago. You probably know by now that the days without knowing she shares the planet with you get easier and easier to cope with.  And now she gets the privilege of being your Guardian Angel for forever! ￼Many hugs your way, Jessica. ￼

Jessica, I’m just now reading this and am so very sorry for your loss. No doubt, your mother was bursting with pride over the impact your life has had on the people and community around you, and what an extraordinary legacy lives on in you.
When James Taylor’s older brother Alex passed away in 1993, James escaped to Paris and this song came to him during a late night walk. He didn’t release it until 1997, and while the song’s lyrics speak of a woman named Alice, James later said it was about Alex.
The following year, James’ album, Hourglass, which included this song won the Grammy for Best Pop Album. No wonder, and I hope you find some comfort in this now.

So sorry Jess

your mom sounds amazing, thank you for sharing this

Jessica, I'm so sorry for your loss. I lost my Mom in 2009....I feel for you.

Oh Jess! I’m so, so sorry. This is so hard.
Sending you enormous love, and a reminder of something you’ve told me that always helped: it’s okay to not be okay.  Please take all the time you need to rest, to grieve and heal. You are SO loved!
Take it one breath, one hour at a time. Drink water and have a lil snack, whenever you can. I’m here any time you want to talk (or just hang). We got you, sweet friend.

Damn. I feel this. A woman who lived free, real, and fully herself is a legend. No pretending, no shrinking—just truth. That kind of energy doesn’t disappear. I’m so sorry she’s gone. Sending you love

Oh my, Jess...just reading your wonderful tribute to your Mom has me in tears!! Thank God our parents raised us all to be strong, resilient, and always there for others. I have to believe the strength and outpouring of real love is hereditary, and it was all passed down to you, amazing Lady! As long as we recall the memories and say her name, she will never leave anyone....Hugs to you and all of the family

From how you’ve described her l would have loved your Mom. Very similar to my Mom who was from NYC and a tough cookie who ran the roost in our family with 3 boys and a Father who always said,“ Ask your Mother. “
Sorry for her passing and let the memories live on…

She sounds like a real whipper snapper…. sending love and comfort as you process this Loss. Blessings on your Mom’s Sweet Soul ￼￼

God bless you and yours, Jessica! What a blessing to have had such an amazing role model, and someone always cheering you on! Now I know why you were always such an amazing lady!

What was her favorite song you played to her??
So glad to got to see you with YOUR studio. So much love as you go on this year long journey of goodbyes and good memories as you honor your mom.

So sorry Jessica. Sending you so much love

You definitely have my heartfelt sympathies, Jess, I know what you're going through...

Sending love to you and your family

My heart goes out to you and your family. The rise and fall of the emotions of mourning are so unpredictable. Whether you ride it out, or soldier through, you will be your mother’s daughter always, and experience love and laughter through the roller coaster.

I’m so very sorry for your loss. Loosing a parent is so hard

I’m deeply sorry to hear of your mom’s passing. She was a grand woman!!!
My love & sympathy are with all of you.

So sorry, Jess. All my best to you and your family.

So sorry to hear this

Deep Condolences

Praying for you right now. I am so sorry to hear, she seems wonderful!

Jessica, I am so sorry to hear about the death of your mom. What a wonderful tribute you wrote about her, reaching out with a big hug.

Oh im so so sorry Jessica for your loss!! Send so much love to you

All love and light to you and yours, my friend.

oh jess, im so sorry.

Sweetheart, so sorry for your loss and so happy for the love you shared. Great tribute to your mama!
She raised a good one!

So very sorry for your loss Jess, thoughts and prayers to you and your family.

I’m holding you and your family quietly in my heart and sending so much love. I’m so sorry. What a beautiful tribute to her.

I’m so sorry for your loss, may you find peace and comfort during this difficult time. Praying for your family.

Sending you so much love . You are a amazing woman obviously raised by another amazing woman. I’m
So sorry.

All the love! Pat

So sorry for your loss Jessica - she sounds like an amazing mom and presence in your life.

So sorry for your loss Jessica Tomasin sending love, hugs and prayers

So sorry to hear about your mom. Sending love

So sorry Jessica. It is the definition of difficult My thoughts are with you.

So sorry to hear this, loved your mom.

I am so, so sorry.

I’m so sorry. Just heartbreaking. thinking of you and your family and sending love.

Took in strays, eh?
Rescuers are The BEst.
Care & sympathies sent.

I’m so sorry for your loss.

I'm so sorry for your loss Jess

Hugs to you and your family, Jessica.

Big hug. I’ve lost both of mine. Praying for you and your family. Much love!

Love how you speak of your Mom! Blessings to you..losing a parent is hard. Condolences

Love you Jessica

Sorry for your loss of you mother prayers for you and your family.

Oh Jess, Im so sorry honey  I know our interaction together so far has only been brief but I instantly connected with you and have been looking forward to reconnecting now that Im back in NC. I can relate to being in the losing parents club... Its a shitty club to be a part of and I know how hard it is. Sending you lots of love and wishing you strength. Grief is a rollercoaster often with lots of unexpected waves, be gentle to yourself. My deepest condolences  xo

So sorry Jess!

I’m so sorry Jess.

What a wonderful tribute to your mom. Sounds like she continues to radiate through you, my friend. Sending love and hugs.

I’m so sorry for your loss Jessica but you are her legacy not only because of the family resemblance but because she taught you well. May she rest in peace & no pain.

Deepest condolences, Jess! Pat was a legend. I’m very sorry. Keeping you and your family in my thoughts and prayers. Sending love
Big hugs friend

I am so sorry my love

much love to you and your family Jess, I'm so sorry

So sorry for you loss

My heart is with yours
Blessed be & hail thy holy, cosmicTraveler

My love and condolences go out to you and all who love her

Your Mom sounds like a most Radical awesome woman.
Sending my love to you Jessica.

Jessica I’m so sorry for your loss. It is one of the hardest things you go through for sure. A buddy of mine told me after I lost my Mom that our parents teach us everything-how to live, how to love, how to learn etc. They teach us everything but how to live without them..Im praying for you & your family & that in your grief, you’re comforted with more of these great memories you have of your Mom. She sounds amazing.

So sorry for your loss.

So very sorry to hear this. My sincere condolences to you and your family.

Thanks for sharing the story of your relationship with your mom. It was beautiful and powerful to read. My heart goes out to you as you process her passing.

Not a week goes by that i don't use one of her famous quotes. She was a force and you are definitely the person you are because of her. Loving you extra during this painful time babe.

So sorry for your loss. Sending prayers and hugs.

I'm so sorry for your loss Jessica. The loss of a Parent is one of those undefinable moments in life that all of us must eventually experience, but only time and understanding can heal...

She was a great aunt. Definitely have great memories. And she was always the one that let me watch South Park and beavis and butthead. O and scary movies hahaha. She was the aunt every kid wished they had. Movie night with snacks

Your words are beautifully written. She sounds like she was a riot, and someone who hated to be held back. May she now be free, cheering you on from up there. So sorry for your loss.

I can still hear your stories you would tell years ago when we were training and I reading this I can hear them all again so vividly because of the love and life and lessons in both!!!!
Love u and all this about you that makes you YOU!!

So sorry Jessica

My condolences Jess, I know exactly what you're going through as my mom passed on Thanksgiving and I've been dealing with her estate for the last few months. It's definitely not easy but it sounds like your mom was an awesome person and the Apple didn't fall far the tree.

I’m glad she’s no longer in pain but my heart hurts for you.
A wonderfully written tribute!! She raised a beautiful, amazing and caring human!!
Let me know if I can do anything for you.

I’m so sorry, Jessica.

I'm so sorry Jessica. I'm gonna miss you Aunt Pat!

Pat was a great mom. She was loving and supportive. I will miss her humor and wit!

Please accept my deepest condolences

OMG. So sorry.

This is so lovely. I’m so sorry for your loss and grateful to know a little about her through your description. Thinking of you.
Sending love your way

Love and light to you my friend. xoxo

Memories are foreverI’m so sorry for your loss Jessica.

I feel like I knew her after reading that. Thank you for sharing her with us.

We send our condolences

One of the greats, sending you so much love

She sounds like an incredible lady. I'm so sorry Jess; losing a parent is so tough. Sending you love during this hard time

Damn. So sorry, Jessica

Very sorry for your loss.

So very sorry for your loss. Thoughts are with you and yours. There is no playbook for life.

Bless. So sorry.

Condolences and prayers to you and your family, Jessica.

An awesome loving tribute to your mom, she sounds like my kind of girl..wise words are coming through your painful loss
Sending sincere condolences to you and family

So very sorry Jessica.

I'm so very sorry. Sending love and hugs.

Im so sorry for your loss Jessica.

She is proud of you - I can feel that - as you are of her. Love to you in this tender time.

I’m so sorry, Jess. Wishing you happy memories to carry forward.

Holding you in my heart. Be gentle with yourself as your navigate these incoming waves

What a beautiful tribute. She sounds like someone I admire and know well. I am so sorry for your loss.

So sorry for your loss but thankful you have so many happy memories to help during this difficult time.

I’m sorry Jessica.

So sorry Jessica. I could tell from the photos she was a bad ass abd I mean that I. The utmost complimentary way! Hugs.

Sending love to you and your family
I am so sorry

sending love. i’m so sorry.

I’m so sorry, Jessica. We’re holding you and your family in our hearts.

Jess, I am sorry for your loss! Sending you all my love and support during this difficult time.

So sorry to hear this. Sending you so much love.

Sorry for your loss, Jessica. May the good memories bring you comfort.

Oh, Jess. I am so extremely sorry for your loss. Thank you for giving us such a vibrant picture of who she was- it almost makes me feel like I missed out on such a cool woman!

Anything you need, I’m around and I’m sure many others will say the same. You are a light in this community and I both enjoyed hearing who helped spark your flame and am saddened to hear of the loss.

Sending so so much love to you!

I am so sorry.

Jessica, I’m so very sorry.

I love you

I’m so sorry for your loss. Your Mom was the best. I hope you and your family are OK.

So sorry for your loss Jess. I know how you feel. So very, very sorry.

Rest in peace Ma Dukes

So sorry for your loss. May your transition be in grace! Such a wonderful tribute.

Beautifully written. My deepest sympathies.

So sorry, Jessica.

I’m so sorry. Sending love and comfort.

Sending you lots of love Jessica

Very sorry to hear, she was a very nice lady, I’m here to talk and support if needed

I'm so truly sorry, Jess as I know how you hurt. May the love and compassion of all of us provide you some comfort during this tremendously challenging time. Much much love, hugs, and most sincere condolences

Jess, you are a strong, brave, creative, loving human - and you’re an amazing friend. These traits don’t come out of thin air. Your greatness speaks to your mom. Love you and owe you plenty of hugs

Sorry to see this Jess. Peace and healing to you.

My sincere condolences… Clearly, she was a special woman

My condolences Jessica

Beautiful tribute. Sending my sincere condolences.

Beautifully written tribute. Sending love and light your way.

Jessica, I am so sorry to hear about this loss….. let me know what you need.

Her contributions to your life are immeasurable your responses are admirable! Let her influence continue to inspire your endeavors!!

Sorry for your loss, Jess. It's hard, that's for sure. Big hugs and love

Sending you so so so much love, friend. She raised an absolute badass.

She sounds amazing. So sorry for your loss.

My heartfelt condolences, Jess.

I am so sorry for your loss Jessica. Sending love, hugs, and condolences.

Big, BIG! HUG!! My heart goes out to you.

so sorry Jess, sending you love

So sorry Jess.  Lots of love to you and your family

Im so sorry Jess, stay strong

Love to you, Jessica, and may peace be with your Mom and family at this time

So sorry, Jessica.

What a beautiful memoir. I am so sorry. Sending condolences

So sorry for your loss . .

I am so very sorry!

What a beautiful tribute! May you feel her presence and be surrounded by love. My heart to yours

So sorry Jess.

Jessica I am so sorry for you and your family. The sudden loss is hard and I’m here if you need anything. Sending you my love

I’m sincerely sorry.

Sending you so much Love to you and all who loved. Your Being is a testament of all she did for you and others. You carry her torch and will expand that greatness of her. I know this. Grateful you got back in time.

I’m so sorry, Jessica. You have so wonderfully told us all about your mom. Sending love and a hope that your grief will be in peace.

My sincere respects.

What a wonderful tribute to your mom! I know she must have been very proud of you and the life you built. And I hope your memories of her will give you comfort in the days ahead. ￼

I'm so sorry, Jess.  My deepest condolences to you & yours.

Beautiful words. Sending you love for this tender goodbye and glorious tribute to your singular Mom.

So sorry for your loss, Jess. Sending big love.

I am so sorry for your loss  lots of hugs your way.

Jessica, I’m so sorry for the loss of your mom.

Love you Jess. May her memory be a blessing.

So sorry...losing my mom was the hardest thing ever much love to you

Sorry for your loss. May you and your family find peace and love in her memory.

So sorry for your loss and glad you got to be there in person to say goodbye. Best wishes for you and your’s as you grieve.

Jess - I’m so very sorry.

I’m so sorry for your loss

What a beautiful remembrance. I’m so sorry for your loss.

Sending big hugs and my sincere condolences.

So sorry for your loss. Glad she is no longer in pain. May the wonderful memories you have help you through this difficult time!

Lovely testament to your mother.

Oh honey, I’m so sorry. She sounds like you.love

Im sending you love and strength through this time. It sounds like you two had quite a bond.

My sincere sympathies Jessica. Thank you for so masterfully sharing a bit about your mom! Sounds like she was, as I heard growing up, “full of piss and vinegar” and I love it! My mom was a force to be reckoned with as well. May your mother reside in paradise. Blessings to you and your family.

So very sorry Jessica

Love you Jess, lots of hugs coming from us.

Beautiful testimonial. She sounds like she was a force, definitely instilled that into you.

I’m so sorry Without a doubt, she knocked it of the park with the person she raised: strong, kind, independent and generous like herself it sounds like. Thanks for telling us about her.

So sorry for your loss. Judging by who you are - she definitely was a legend.

Awwww, Jess, my heart goes out to you, sweet friend. Nothing will replace that home. Sending you big big love today!

I’m so sorry for your loss. She seemed like a wonderful person and your words made her shine in such an amazing light.

I'm so sorry.

I'm so sorry to hear this.

She sounds lovely. Sorry for your loss

Sorry for your loss. She sounds like she was a wonderful person

Lord have Mercy Jess...I’m so sorry. I can’t even imagine the weight of this hurt right now. I’m praying God covers you & your family with love, strength, comfort, and peace

Love you Jess  I’m so sorry for your loss. Sending love to you and yours.

I'm so sorry to hear about your loss. Your mom's spirit and humor will never be forgotten, sending lots of love your way

I am so sorry to read this, Jessica. It is so hard to lose your mama.

I am so sorry for your loss, your mom sounds like she was an awesome parent and person.

No words, I totally understand the pain of loss. So sorry, a mother’s love is one you cannot replace. I know all the incredible memories you have with her will always be with you. Emotional post.

Our hearts are with you. Let us know if we can do anything, Jess.

I am just so sorry-what a beautiful tribute to a wonderful mom. Sending you so much comfort and strength

My condolences, I think I would have loved your Mom, and my Mom would have too. Take care of yourself now.

Sincere condolences.

Sending love and hugs to you and your family. If you need us we are here for you.

My sincere condolences to you and your family

I’m really sorry for your loss.

So sorry for your loss, Jessica.
